draft : docs: General command updates (#44)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: api/CameraSetLimitsCommand.md

`camera_set_limits camlimits_id`

> Limits the current camera's movement to a limit defined in the ESCRoom's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limits the current camera's movement to a limit defined in the `ESCRoom`'s 
```

> definition. A limit is defined as an upper-left x/y coordinate, a width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
definition. A limit is defined as an upper-left (x, y) coordinate, a width
```

and a height that the camera must stay within. Multiple limits can be
defined for a room, allowing for new areas to be seen once they have
been 'unlocked'.

**Parameters**

- *camlimits_id*: Index of the camera limit defined in the `camera limits`
  list of the current `ESCRoom`

> For more details see: https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/getting_started/camera.html

Reviewer: @dploeger will this tie us into this particular link always using the `devel` branch of the docs? What if we eventually deploy from a different branch? Or am I way off?

Author: Good catch 👍  I didn't notice the dev link, I just copy/pasted direct from the website.
